you shall make an altar to burn incense
you shall make an altar to burn incense on you shall make it of a kiss short a
on you shall make it of a kiss short a
on you shall make it of a kiss short a cubit shall be its length and a cubit
cubit shall be its length and a cubit
cubit shall be its length and a cubit its width
its width
its width it shall be square and two cubits shall
it shall be square and two cubits shall
it shall be square and two cubits shall be its height its horns shall be of one
be its height its horns shall be of one
be its height its horns shall be of one piece with it an usual overlay its top
piece with it an usual overlay its top
piece with it an usual overlay its top its sides all around and its horns with
its sides all around and its horns with
its sides all around and its horns with pure gold and you shall make for it a
pure gold and you shall make for it a
pure gold and you shall make for it a molding of gold all around two gold
molding of gold all around two gold
molding of gold all around two gold rings you shall make for it under the
rings you shall make for it under the
rings you shall make for it under the molding on both its sides you shall
molding on both its sides you shall
molding on both its sides you shall place them on its two sides and they
place them on its two sides and they
place them on its two sides and they will be holders for the poles with which
will be holders for the poles with which
will be holders for the poles with which to bear it you shall make the poles of
to bear it you shall make the poles of
to bear it you shall make the poles of acacia wood and overlay them with gold
acacia wood and overlay them with gold
acacia wood and overlay them with gold and you shall put it before the veil
and you shall put it before the veil
and you shall put it before the veil that is before the Ark of the testimony
that is before the Ark of the testimony
that is before the Ark of the testimony before the mercy seat that is over the
before the mercy seat that is over the
before the mercy seat that is over the testimony where I will meet with you
testimony where I will meet with you
testimony where I will meet with you Aaron shall burn on its sweet incense
Aaron shall burn on its sweet incense
Aaron shall burn on its sweet incense every morning when he tends the lamps he
every morning when he tends the lamps he
every morning when he tends the lamps he shall burn incense on it and when Aaron
shall burn incense on it and when Aaron
shall burn incense on it and when Aaron lights the lamps at Twilight he shall
lights the lamps at Twilight he shall
lights the lamps at Twilight he shall burn incense on it a perpetual incense
burn incense on it a perpetual incense
burn incense on it a perpetual incense before the Lord throughout your
before the Lord throughout your
before the Lord throughout your generations you shall not offer strange
generations you shall not offer strange
generations you shall not offer strange incense on it or a burnt offering or a
incense on it or a burnt offering or a
incense on it or a burnt offering or a grain offering nor shall you pour a
grain offering nor shall you pour a
grain offering nor shall you pour a drink offering on it and Aaron shall
drink offering on it and Aaron shall
drink offering on it and Aaron shall make atonement upon its horns once a
make atonement upon its horns once a
make atonement upon its horns once a year with the blood of the sin offering
year with the blood of the sin offering
year with the blood of the sin offering of
of
of once a year he shall make atonement upon
once a year he shall make atonement upon
once a year he shall make atonement upon it throughout your generations it is
it throughout your generations it is
it throughout your generations it is most holy to the Lord from the Lord
most holy to the Lord from the Lord
most holy to the Lord from the Lord spoke to Moses when you take the census
spoke to Moses when you take the census
spoke to Moses when you take the census of the children of Israel for their
of the children of Israel for their
of the children of Israel for their number then every man shall give a
number then every man shall give a
number then every man shall give a ransom for himself to the Lord when you
ransom for himself to the Lord when you
ransom for himself to the Lord when you number them that there may be no plague
number them that there may be no plague
number them that there may be no plague among them when you number them this is
among them when you number them this is
among them when you number them this is what every one among those who are
what every one among those who are
what every one among those who are numbered shall give half a shekel
numbered shall give half a shekel
numbered shall give half a shekel according to the shekel of the century a
according to the shekel of the century a
according to the shekel of the century a shekel is 20 givers the half shekel
shekel is 20 givers the half shekel
shekel is 20 givers the half shekel shall be an offering to the Lord
shall be an offering to the Lord
shall be an offering to the Lord everyone included among those who are
everyone included among those who are
everyone included among those who are numbered from 20 years old and above
numbered from 20 years old and above
numbered from 20 years old and above shall give an offering to the Lord the
shall give an offering to the Lord the
shall give an offering to the Lord the rich shall not give more and the poor
rich shall not give more and the poor
rich shall not give more and the poor shall not give less than half a shekel
shall not give less than half a shekel
shall not give less than half a shekel when you give an offering to the Lord to
when you give an offering to the Lord to
when you give an offering to the Lord to make atonement for yourselves
make atonement for yourselves
make atonement for yourselves and you shall take the atonement money
and you shall take the atonement money
and you shall take the atonement money of the children of Israel and shall
of the children of Israel and shall
of the children of Israel and shall appoint it for the service of the
appoint it for the service of the
appoint it for the service of the tabernacle of meeting that it may be a
tabernacle of meeting that it may be a
tabernacle of meeting that it may be a memorial for the children of Israel
memorial for the children of Israel
memorial for the children of Israel before the Lord to make atonement for
before the Lord to make atonement for
before the Lord to make atonement for yourselves when the Lord spoke to Moses
yourselves when the Lord spoke to Moses
yourselves when the Lord spoke to Moses you shall also make a Laver of bronze
you shall also make a Laver of bronze
you shall also make a Laver of bronze with its base also a bronze for washing
with its base also a bronze for washing
with its base also a bronze for washing you shall put it between the tabernacle
you shall put it between the tabernacle
you shall put it between the tabernacle of meeting and the altar and you shall
of meeting and the altar and you shall
of meeting and the altar and you shall put water in it for Aaron and his sons
put water in it for Aaron and his sons
put water in it for Aaron and his sons shall wash their hands and their feet in
shall wash their hands and their feet in
shall wash their hands and their feet in water from it when they go into the
water from it when they go into the
water from it when they go into the tabernacle of meeting or when they come
tabernacle of meeting or when they come
tabernacle of meeting or when they come near the altar to minister to burn an
near the altar to minister to burn an
near the altar to minister to burn an offering made by fire to the Lord they
offering made by fire to the Lord they
offering made by fire to the Lord they shall wash with water lest they die so
shall wash with water lest they die so
shall wash with water lest they die so they shall wash their hands and their
they shall wash their hands and their
they shall wash their hands and their feet lest they die and it shall be a
feet lest they die and it shall be a
feet lest they die and it shall be a statute for ever to them to him and his
statute for ever to them to him and his
statute for ever to them to him and his descendants throughout their
descendants throughout their
descendants throughout their generations moreover the Lord spoke to
generations moreover the Lord spoke to
generations moreover the Lord spoke to Moses also take for yourself
Moses also take for yourself
Moses also take for yourself quality spices 500 shekels of liquid
quality spices 500 shekels of liquid
quality spices 500 shekels of liquid myrrh half as much sweet smelling
myrrh half as much sweet smelling
myrrh half as much sweet smelling cinnamon two hundred and fifty shekels
cinnamon two hundred and fifty shekels
cinnamon two hundred and fifty shekels two hundred and fifty shettles of sweet
two hundred and fifty shettles of sweet
two hundred and fifty shettles of sweet smelling cane five hundred shekels of
smelling cane five hundred shekels of
smelling cane five hundred shekels of Cascia according to the shekel of the
Cascia according to the shekel of the
Cascia according to the shekel of the century and a hint of olive oil and you
century and a hint of olive oil and you
century and a hint of olive oil and you shall make from these a holy anointing
shall make from these a holy anointing
shall make from these a holy anointing oil an ointment compounded according to
oil an ointment compounded according to
oil an ointment compounded according to the art of the perfumer it shall be a
the art of the perfumer it shall be a
the art of the perfumer it shall be a holy anointing oil with it you shall
holy anointing oil with it you shall
holy anointing oil with it you shall anoint the tabernacle of meeting and the
anoint the tabernacle of meeting and the
anoint the tabernacle of meeting and the Ark of the testimony the table and all
Ark of the testimony the table and all
Ark of the testimony the table and all its utensils the lampstand and its
its utensils the lampstand and its
its utensils the lampstand and its utensils and the altar of incense the
utensils and the altar of incense the
utensils and the altar of incense the altar of burnt-offering with all its
altar of burnt-offering with all its
altar of burnt-offering with all its utensils and the Laver and its base you
utensils and the Laver and its base you
utensils and the Laver and its base you shall consecrate them that they may be
shall consecrate them that they may be
shall consecrate them that they may be most holy whatever touches them must be
most holy whatever touches them must be
most holy whatever touches them must be holy and you shall anoint Aaron and his
holy and you shall anoint Aaron and his
holy and you shall anoint Aaron and his sons and consecrate them that they may
sons and consecrate them that they may
sons and consecrate them that they may minister to me as priests and you shall
minister to me as priests and you shall
minister to me as priests and you shall speak to the children of Israel saying
speak to the children of Israel saying
speak to the children of Israel saying this shall be a holy anointing oil to me
this shall be a holy anointing oil to me
this shall be a holy anointing oil to me throughout your generations it shall not
throughout your generations it shall not
throughout your generations it shall not be poured on man's flesh nor shall you
be poured on man's flesh nor shall you
be poured on man's flesh nor shall you make any other like it according to its
make any other like it according to its
make any other like it according to its composition it is holy and it shall be
composition it is holy and it shall be
composition it is holy and it shall be holy to you whoever compounds any like
holy to you whoever compounds any like
holy to you whoever compounds any like it or whoever puts any of it on an
it or whoever puts any of it on an
it or whoever puts any of it on an outsider shall be cut off from his
outsider shall be cut off from his
outsider shall be cut off from his people take sweet spices stack tea and
people take sweet spices stack tea and
people take sweet spices stack tea and arnica and galbanum and pure
arnica and galbanum and pure
arnica and galbanum and pure frankincense with these sweet spices
frankincense with these sweet spices
frankincense with these sweet spices there shall be equal amounts of each you
there shall be equal amounts of each you
there shall be equal amounts of each you shall make of these and incense a
shall make of these and incense a
shall make of these and incense a compound according to the art of the
compound according to the art of the
compound according to the art of the perfume
perfume
perfume salted pure and holy and you shall beat
salted pure and holy and you shall beat
salted pure and holy and you shall beat some of it very fine and put some of it
some of it very fine and put some of it
some of it very fine and put some of it before the testimony in the tabernacle
before the testimony in the tabernacle
before the testimony in the tabernacle of meeting where I will meet with you it
of meeting where I will meet with you it
of meeting where I will meet with you it shall be most holy to you but as for the
shall be most holy to you but as for the
shall be most holy to you but as for the incense which you shall make you shall
incense which you shall make you shall
incense which you shall make you shall not make any for yourselves according to
not make any for yourselves according to
not make any for yourselves according to its composition it shall be to you holy
its composition it shall be to you holy
its composition it shall be to you holy for the Lord whoever makes any like it
for the Lord whoever makes any like it
for the Lord whoever makes any like it to smell it
to smell it
to smell it he shall be cut off from his people
he shall be cut off from his people
he shall be cut off from his people [Music]